docs: update fix plan references (#2781)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-client: docs/explanations/how_to_interpret_output_of_fix_plan_api.md

* **warnings**: Warnings that can happen when generating the plan. For example, if the CVE doesn't
  have a fix available for a given package, this will be reflected here. We will detail the possible
  warnings in a following section.

> * **additional_data**: Additional data for the CVE being fixed. Currently, this field is only

Reviewer: I'm a bit confused about this bit. The "additional data" field doesn't appear in the USN section at the bottom of the page, so if it's only found under the CVEs enpoint but only used by USNs then I'm not sure how that should work? Surely it would never come up? Why aren't Launchpad bugs also reported for the CVEs?

The `data` object will state why no operation is needed. This can either be because the CVE doesn't
affect the system, or because the CVE is already fixed in the machine.

### NoOpAlreadyFixed

> This is a subtype of a NoOp step that indicates that the CVE is already

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a sub-type of a NoOp step that indicates that the CVE is already
```

fixed in the machine. The JSON representation for this step is:

```json
{
  "data": {
    "status": "cve-already-fixed"
    "pocket": "standard-updates",
    "source_packages": ["source_package"]
  },
  "operation": "no-op",
  "order": 1
}
```

The `data` object will state which packages are already fixed and which
pocket they come from.

### NoOpLivepatchFixData

> This is a subtype of a NoOp step that indicates that the CVE is already

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a sub-type of a NoOp step that indicates that the CVE is already
```

> fixed by a Livepatch patch. The JSON representation for this step is:

Reviewer: I would suggest "fixed by a patch from Livepatch" - "Livepatch patch" sounds really odd

Author: I agree that is better
